fix: set avro-data dep back to implementation (#166)
aiven/commons-for-apache-kafka-connect: README.md

- [Aiven GCS Connector](https://github.com/aiven/gcs-connector-for-apache-kafka)
- [Aiven S3 Connector](https://github.com/aiven/s3-connector-for-apache-kafka)

> NOTE: when installing these libraries on Kafka Connect nodes, use a specific plugin path, and **avoid placing them on the same path as the Kafka Connect binaries**, as some libraries may have conflicting versions.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Usage

When installing this library on Kafka Connect, use a specific plugin path, and **avoid placing them on the same path as the Kafka Connect binaries**, as some libraries may have conflicting versions.

```
